{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl900\margr900\margt780\margb780
\fs22
\b Kinevo App - One-Page Repo Summary\b0\par
\fs18 Generated from repository evidence only\par
\par
\b What it is\b0\par
Kinevo is a trainer-student fitness platform split into a web app for workout prescription and student management, plus a mobile app for workout execution and logging. It uses Supabase for auth/data and includes Stripe subscription gating in the web product.\par
\par
\b Who it is for\b0\par
Primary persona: strength coaches/personal trainers who prescribe structured programs, with students as execution users in the mobile app.\par
\par
\b What it does\b0\par
\bullet\tab Trainer web dashboard with auth-protected access and student list management.\par
\bullet\tab Exercise library with system plus trainer-owned exercises and muscle group metadata.\par
\bullet\tab Program template builder (programs, workouts, ordered workout items including exercise/superset/note types).\par
\bullet\tab Program assignment flow from templates to student-specific assigned programs/workouts/items.\par
\bullet\tab Mobile workout player with per-set logging (load, reps, completion), finish flow, and session feedback modal.\par
\bullet\tab Mobile home/history/profile tabs, including workout history/performance views and support via WhatsApp deep link.\par
\bullet\tab Stripe subscription checkout + webhook sync; inactive subscriptions are redirected to a blocked page.\par
\par
\b How it works (architecture)\b0\par
\bullet\tab Monorepo workspaces: \f1 web\f0  (Next.js App Router), \f1 mobile\f0  (Expo Router/React Native), \f1 shared\f0  (shared TypeScript types), \f1 supabase/migrations\f0  (database schema).\par
\bullet\tab Web data path: Next.js server routes/components call Supabase SSR clients; auth/session protected by middleware; Stripe API routes create checkout/portal sessions and webhook handlers upsert subscription state.\par
\bullet\tab Mobile data path: Expo app uses Supabase JS with SecureStore-backed auth session persistence; screens/hooks fetch active programs/sessions and submit workout session logs.\par
\bullet\tab Database model includes trainers, students, exercises, program templates, assigned program snapshots, workout sessions, set logs, and subscriptions with RLS policies.\par
\bullet\tab Offline resilience signals in schema: sync status, local_id/device_id fields for sessions and set logs.\par
\par
\b How to run (minimal getting started)\b0\par
1. Install deps at repo root: \f1 npm install\f0\par
2. Configure web env in \f1 /Users/gustavoprado/kinevo/web/.env.local\f0 : \f1 NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL\f0 , \f1 NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY\f0 , \f1 STRIPE_SECRET_KEY\f0 , \f1 STRIPE_PRICE_ID\f0 , \f1 STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET\f0\par
3. Configure mobile env in \f1 /Users/gustavoprado/kinevo/mobile/.env\f0 : \f1 EXPO_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL\f0 , \f1 EXPO_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY\f0\par
4. Apply Supabase SQL migrations in order from \f1 /Users/gustavoprado/kinevo/supabase/migrations\f0  to your Supabase project.\par
5. Run web: \f1 npm run web\f0\par
6. Run mobile: \f1 npm run mobile\f0\par
\par
\b Not found in repo\b0\par
\bullet\tab A root-level setup guide that covers both web and mobile end to end.\par
\bullet\tab Mobile \f1 .env.example\f0  template file.\par
\bullet\tab An automated local script for applying Supabase migrations.\par
}
